Function#arguments - document as a accessor (#19525)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/arguments/index.md

> **Warning:** The `arguments` property of {{jsxref("Function")}} objects is deprecated. The recommended way to access the `arguments` object is to refer to the variable {{jsxref("Functions/arguments", "arguments")}} available within functions.

> The **`arguments`** accessor property represents the arguments passed to a {{jsxref("Function")}} object. For [strict](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode), async function, and generator function callers, accessing the `arguments` property throws an exception.
> 
> ## Description
> 
> The value of `arguments` is an array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`arguments`** accessor property represents the arguments passed to a {{jsxref("Function")}} object. Its value is an array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function from its most recent invocation. For [strict](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode), async function, and generator function callers, accessing the `arguments` property throws an exception.

## Description

```

Author: I was taking precedent from the following examples:
* [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray/length](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray/length)
* [/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set/size](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set/size)

What do you think?

Reviewer: Ah, sorry, just got up. After a reparse I think it's fine as-is.
